my version of fast food at home is
Japanese Budo noodle soup and he used
futon noodles found in the Asian market
in the federated section these are
already cooked and this recipe is from
Cat Cora you'll need Buddha noodles or
any type of noodles or dried pasta that
you have broth miso paste and I used a
combination of Japanese mushrooms snow
peas carrots and green onions so these
are Japanese udon noodles they're wheat
based their thick they've got a great
chew to them I love that they're thick
and love the texture of them and these
are already cooked so you'll find these
in the Asian refrigerated section you
can also find them dry as well but I
like these because it just takes a few
seconds in hot water to get them ready I
always recommend cooking your noodles or
your pasta in a separate pot of hot
water not your precious soup because you
can see it releases cooking the noodles
releases some starch and you don't want
that in your broth okay this is miso
paste this particular one is sheera miso
which is white me saw it is the mildest
of all miso it's mild in terms of
saltiness and intensity of flavor this
is the one that I always have in my
refrigerator at home and it lasts for
quite a while in the refrigerator it
lasts for about six months in the fridge
okay I've got some chicken broth already
going in this pot add my vegetables
carrots I have snow peas as well and you
can use any type of vegetables you want
just keep them very thinly sliced so
they cook really quickly there goes my
snow peas and then I'm also going to add
some Japanese mushrooms as well to this
pot you can use shiitake you can use
these are shimeji mushrooms but anything
really works here's a trick to working
with me so you don't want to boil the
miso so what I do is I ladle some hot
soup into a bowl with a miso paste and
then what I'm going to do is use a whisk
and whisk until everything's kind of the
miso paste is kind of melted in with the
hot soup just like this and then I'm
going to take that and add it to the pot
and notice that my heat is off you don't
really want to boil the me saw because
it when you boil me so it just kind of
gives it a gritty texture so this is a
tip
you now I'm going to add the noodles in
and just kind of swirl it around to let
it heat up and my green onions and it's
done start to finish less than 15
minutes and you've got a beautiful
healthy warming ode on me so noodle soup